[Applause]
hi I'm Tom Brady and I'm a crybaby and I
have a butt hole in my chin I imagine
Patrick mahomes barber is a superhero
who has to run out and save the world
every time he gets halfway through
mahomes haircut this dude Travis Kelce
looks like the Notre Dame leprechaun
Corey Clement hold my now you hold mine
Joey but his nose is so big it looks
like he's been lying every day for his
whole life
what's a good one pray for Devin
Funchess ain't nothing wrong with him he
just sucks
sunny Michelle Moore like Panasonic
Michelle so far Tiger Lee is a snow
flake loser you Tom Brady you fat
I hope you cried I do cry - why
does JJ running look like Forrest Gump
running when he had the braces on his
legs Clay Matthews is the type of dude
who farts into a bottle of Sunny D puts
it in the fridge and then consumes it
the next morning Jared Goff throws a
football like he's got it in his pants
my Corvin looks like every old timing
tablecloth in America got together and
had an orgy to make that outfit Bradshaw
you asked kissing whoops your brain fell
out with your hair chicken why don't you
bite my angry rebel you Tom Brady I hope
your dog eat chocolate and gets really
sick and throws up on your sock that's
the Pats we've gone too far I am Jimmy
Kimmel give back this holiday season buy
my new book the serious goose I wrote it
and illustrated it all the money I make
goes to children's hospitals across the
country so you know what to do